Hello everybody, my name is Jeff V. Davis, and I'm back in Harmontown.
From Burbank, California, Harmontown is now in session.
Oh yeah, hello everybody, from beautiful uptown Burbank, Harmontown is once again in session.
I'm happy to be back.
My name is Jeff, your Comptroller.
Let's give it up for the Game Master, ex-terroritinaire, Spencer Crittenden.
He's lost a little bit of weight, but it doesn't mean he's lost his powers.
Let's hear it for the Mayor of Harmontown, Daniel Harmon.
Yo.
slow rappers like a pimple.
I squeeze them from the outside to the center,
and when I go back inside,
I find them more bent-er than ever.
They're bent in half in sideways,
and they say, why'd you do that?
You gave me a ride.
Dates.
Over the years, we have never backed off
on the quality of the process.
Just listen to Professor Kensington,
who I sampled at my rap classes.
Now, fast rapper, you don't seem to be rapping
particularly fast so far.
Are you gearing up to a really fast rap?
I'm glad you asked that.
I'm going to answer it right now.
I'm a slave to the beat I'm provided.
I fucked your mama so hard it was her pussy that I ride it.
And the beat sometimes drops out,
but that puts emphasis on what I'm about to shout.
I just got to go with the beat that I know.
I'm a slave to the beat.
It's how I flow.
When the beat comes out, that's what I do.
It comes from my head to my mouth and then my shoe.
In my shoe, the beat goes to my toe.
After it goes from my toe, it goes, I don't know.
That's no longer my problem after it leaves my foot.
It goes into a chimney and maybe dies in soot,
like Santa Claus, coming from the North Pole.
Fucked your mama so hard, she's got an extra hole.
It's a USB port, it charges my phone.
I fucked your mama, but it was consensual.
Now she's alone.
She broke it off with me.
I fucked your mama, then I took a pee.
This is the bridge.
Fast rapper.
Can I ask you a question?
Fast rapper?
Of course.
I'm always, Fast Rapper is famous for his accessibility.
Your rhymes are so delicious.
They're almost yummy.
Is it true that you rap faster when you lift up your shirt
and show us your tummy?
Yes.
Fast rapper, faster rapping with my tummy.
Gonna fat rap so fast it's gonna be extra yummy.
Gonna eat some candy down here and I'm looking fat
and it makes showing my stomach.
And what do you think about that?
You're treating me like a chunk on the goonies.
I don't like it.
I'm not...
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I.
You can put your shirt back down.
It's okay.
What was his name?
Actor.
A famous child actor.
Probably the year we have membered back
to us on the call of the Fod.
Runi.
Our ingredients.
If you were 599, six back.
He was a, he played an Asian fella
in the breakfast at Tiffany's.
Short round.
Oh, Mickey Rooney.
Mickey.
All right.
Well, that was a good wrap.
That was a good wrap.
All right, as long as we can do to keep the energy up
when we start the show.
That's what's important.
Oh, boy.
Good to see you, Dan.
Happy New Year.
Happy New Year, Spencer.
I haven't seen you guys in a long time.
Yeah.
Where have you been, Jeff?
I was in India, California.
No, India, Asia.
India near East Asia.
India, California.
India?
No, I was in India with church, and we had a big time.
Sometimes I get excited when we take these long breaks,
because I'm like, oh, man, we're
going to have so much to talk about, but then we
can go so long that we have nothing to talk about.
Oh, yeah.
We have plenty to talk about.
We got.
I can't really remember anything.
Your house got run into by a drunk driver.
There you go.
And you're living in a hotel now, like a fancy person.
Yeah, a dude ran an Acura into my garage at about 40 miles
an hour, as far as I could tell.
More like an inaccurate.
That was Dan's joke.
I stole Dan's joke, but for that first two seconds,
you thought I was a fucking genius.
It depends on what he was trying to do.
It might be the most accurate in the world
if he was trying to take out my garage.
But I don't think so.
Because you live right at the top of a hill,
which is like a skateboard ramp that you just
drive straight into your garage, and that guy did it.
Yeah, I think he was trying.
I looked at my security cameras, because I'm Batman,
and they don't really get down that far that you could actually
see what's going on, but you see headlights coming up.
One of the cameras, there's a camera on the wall
that he took out.
So you know what time he hit, because the wall just,
the camera just changes position.
And then one of the cameras, you can see headlights
ripping up the street, and then they just disappear.
And then there's footage of one dude,
the passenger, just boning out.
He just gets out of the car and leaves his friend there to die.
Passenger, driver, I don't know.
The cops made it clear that they did not
know whether the guy that ran was the driver or a passenger,
which confirms the fact that the cops were not chasing
these guys, or at least they were not on their tail.
Because Cody and I heard a boom that sounded to us
like somebody was kicking the back door of the house.
And I went downstairs, and I went out
back with my police dog Harvey and let him run around
the backyard.
And I was like, there's nobody out here.
I wonder what that big boom was.
Somebody kicking our door.
And then went to the front of the house,
and there were cherries flying, kind of illuminating
the dark living room.
And down by my garage, there were six squad cars
in the street with the silhouettes of police,
all with their guns drawn and shouting,
which you've heard a million times in movies,
but I've never heard in real life.
Just like, get out of there.
Get out of here.
Get out.
Just everybody shouting, different shit at the same time.
Get out of the car.
Get on the ground.
Hands in the air.
Don't move.
It's no wonder that a lot of people
get shot by the police, really, because there's
a lot of mixed messages.
And of course, Cody was on mushrooms,
which I thought was a great choice for that particular moment.
And I wasn't on them.
She was coming back from a get-together with some great
influences.
Were you commenting the whole night
as the police were doing their work
that it was really great that Cody had done those mushrooms?
Yes.
It felt like it kept coming up.
To whom?
Just people in the neighborhood.
I don't know if you're doing a joke or what.
Yeah, no, I am.
He was doing a very subtle esoteric bit.
All right, yeah.
I kept telling everyone in the neighborhood
that she was on mushrooms.
That's basically my joke, yeah.
So the thing is that the collision with my garage
took out a quarter of a wall of my garage
that then was moved into the front of my gate that
lets you into up to my house.
Hashtag privilege, hashtag what neighborhood do you live in.
But yeah, that is part of it.
As I was really actually, this is a story about how cool it
is to have a little bit of money because my garage is down
by the street, and I have insurance, and I have.
I think it's essential that garages be on the street.
I have assistance.
I find that always to be an advantage.
I like to come up a flight of stairs.
And so you guys are hilarious.
Thank you.
The garage is typically in a normal average American home
would probably be kind of connected to the house.
And so someone smashing into it might kill your daughter,
or dog, or destroy more than just some of your property.
So is what I meant.
And because I have a more sprawling estate.
Because the average American family
keeps their daughter in the garage.
That's what you guys.
Ha ha ha.
Yeah, with the snake tank.
Yeah, nothing really got.
What got fucked up was there was a pipe
in the wall of my garage.
I do find this a little, I guess I
shouldn't be surprised by this.
I guess water pipes are like veins or arteries.
They run everywhere.
If you break it at any point, there's just like,
there was like, when I went down there, there was coplights.
And there was this huge carport that had been my garage.
Because they just took out the whole door of the garage.
And then there was this very cinematic spraying of water
that's always a part of every car wreck in the movies.
Even though there was no fire hydrant involved,
there was just like the sound of like,
I felt like it was like a diehard movie or something.
Like there was just water everywhere.
And the cops kept saying, you got to call the DWP
and have them shut off the water.
Because otherwise, this is bad.
And I had to do that.
And for that reason, and the fact
that the wall of the garage is blocking my gate.
And this is a thing that would have crippled the life
of a normal person.
But I had Steve Levy, who, fresh back from his vacation,
was able to get me and Cody into a hotel room, a suite,
in fact, in West Hollywood, where
we were able to spend New Year's Eve with my friends.
And it's actually, I hate to admit it,
but it's kind of been a blast having a guy drive
into my garage and destroy your daughter, my daughter.
Because it didn't really, I'm the last person
that had actually affected.
But don't rip this video and use it in his, I don't know,
hearing court case.
I don't necessarily need this guy to suffer either.
I mean, I need him to have insurance and pay
for my garage construction.
So I don't think he can use me saying,
it was kind of fun having you destroy my garage against me
in any way, because it still needs to be rebuilt.
But hopefully, he's OK.
Hopefully, his friend didn't do anything desperate
in Amy Mann's backyard when he ran eastbound up
into the hills of Las Feliz.
I almost murdered Amy Mann.
She was coming down the corner on her beach cruiser bicycle.
And I almost completely demolished her.
She was just jamming around the corner.
I have like three phone numbers of people
that I know live in the direction that the kid ran,
that I saw running from the car.
So I went through my phone.
I'm like, who lives over there?
I'm just going to warn him.
There's a guy on foot.
He's running from the cops.
He could actually, if he's desperate,
he could actually do something desperate.
Maybe it's actually better.
These cops, they see him.
I'm not going to, I'm not throwing them under the bus.
They don't, they're admitting they haven't found the guy.
They don't, I don't know how well they're doing it,
finding him.
I'm going to, I'm just going to text a couple warnings
to a couple people that I know live in that direction.
And one of them was Edgar Wright, director of Baby Driver.
And then halfway through, the message is like, wait a minute.
What am I doing?
This is his fault.
I'm sure this guy was.
Was Baby Driver.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, stop making those movies, Edgar.
Or live with this guy in your pool shed.
Welcome to your fucked up version of ET,
where you have to befriend this guy and get him back home
to England.
Apparently, both the driver and the passenger
were not injured, though, right?
The only real tragedy of this was that we found out
that you have a sad segue in your garage.
It was truly, and I'm not being, I mean, yeah.
It's become a joke, but it's really, it really is.
The only segue is like, what?
It really was the most embarrassing thing.
First, it started with the LAPD making fun of the segue.
And that's part of it, is like, you only
have to mention the segue to make fun of it.
Like, so the LAPD was like, I was like,
what's the damage like over there?
I can't even get out the gate to see.
And they're like, don't worry, bro, the segue's OK.
There was segue shaming you?
Yeah.
But then Cody's like, how's my Prius?
Or, you know, she's on mushrooms, so a more accurate thing
would be like, how's my Prius?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
But then the cops were like, other than the fact
that it's a hybrid.
And then I was like, OK, I see your formula.
You can take your hybrid shaming.
You can put it in the, I'll take it.
I'll put it in the bin with all the cop insults.
You guys just have a formula here.
But yeah, no.
They were hybrid shaming too?
They were, you know, it's cop humor.
What are they going to do?
Are they going to?
When someone's using less gas than the maximum amount
to get around?
You know, they don't know what they're doing.
It's cop humor.
They're connecting dots.
I would rather my cops be linear thinkers, really,
frankly.
I don't want them to be that creative with their guns
and their handcuffs.
I'd rather they just be like, OK, you're stealing that car,
which is illegal, so here's your rights to remain silent.
I don't want them to be like, hey, I'm in my blue period.
OK.
The men in blue period.
But very impressively diverse, multiracial.
I'm always impressed when the LAPD shows up at my house.
And I like the diversity.
It looks like when you look at the LAPD,
when they come in mass, it looks like a pamphlet.
It looks like a pamphlet.
It looks like it's comforting.
You've got systems working.
Everything's fine.
I'll just go back in my house and eat crackers
and oppress the poor.
And that always includes, the diversity includes,
there's always incredibly handsome young white dudes
that look like they belong in a boy band.
Very, very, very sexy white male cops among the rainbow
of justice.
Get a room.
Yeah.
But that was the guy that was busting the balls the hardest.
Yeah, it's an old story, NASA.
It almost feels like it's like graham crackers telling it,
but that's what happened.
It's a big die.
I wish for this podcast.
It happened yesterday because it'd
be all excited about it and explaining every detail.
But a dude hit my garage and destroyed a water pipe.
So I got to stay in a hotel suite.
It was fun.
I had a very good time in India with church.
We had a beautiful little excursion out there.
It's just like a mind-numbing, mind-blowing,
like overwhelming explosion of kaleidoscopic madness.
It's so fucking cool.
Did you guys get any illnesses?
No, I felt like crap believing because you
take these malaria pills, and I got really nauseous on it,
nauseated.
But you're not supposed to drink alcohol with them,
and I did, of course.
And so I felt like a bum.
But when I got to India, then I felt amazing the entire time,
just ate the best food in the world.
Then we came back, and then we got sick,
just because we were traveling a lot.
Yeah.
Church might have malaria.
Church, do you have malaria, or are you surviving now?
Last night, you thought you had malaria.
We'll see.
I'm preoccupied by this thing.
I got to get it done.
I've had people telling me I've had a lot of advice.
Don't talk about it.
You don't have to talk about it.
It's done.
Legal advice.
Don't talk about it.
You open it yourself up.
The most important advice I've gotten
is from women that I respect that do what I do,
that are respected, and that spoke to me privately,
and said, if you're true to your word,
and you are sincere about how you want
to be part of the solution, not part of the problem,
please talk about how you've been part of the problem.
That's truly the most helpful thing you can do.
Please appreciate, if you're listening to me,
that the tightrope I have to walk here
is I have to make this a normal part of the process,
because it should be healthy, and easy, and graceful.
It should be a thing that can be done,
and doesn't have to create civil war and hysteria,
that doesn't make people get re-victimized and attacked.
You're not doing me any favors at all.
You're only hurting everybody, especially me,
if this topic causes you to attack anybody involved.
You may think it's in my defense.
You may think it's in defense of fairness.
I ask you to think about what you think fair is.
That's enough disclaiming.
I have really, really had to think about this.
And decided I need to talk about it.
I want to target about, what, five to seven minutes?
And then pull me out of here, after which hopefully I've
done some good by just talking about this.
This is about for your life closing down, right?
Yes.
For your life recently, close down.
In 2000, whatever, whatever, I can't remember.
2009, 2006, 2000, something, something,
I had the privilege of running a network sitcom.
And I was attracted to a employee.
I really want to be careful about that language.
I think a huge part of the problem
is a culture of feeling things that you think
are unique and significant because they're happening to you
and saying things like, I had feelings for and I,
I fell for and all these things.
I mean, the most clinical way I can put it and fessing up
to my crimes is that I was attracted to a writer
that I had power over because I was a show runner.
And I knew enough to know that these feelings were bad news.
That was easy enough to know.
I knew that they ran the risk of undercutting people's faith
in my judgment, her faith in her talent,
the other writer's respect for me,
the entire production, the audience.
I knew that I wasn't doing anybody any favors
by feeling these things.
And so I did the cowardly easiest, laziest thing
you could do with feelings like that.
And I didn't deal with them.
And in not dealing with them, I made everybody else
deal with them, especially her.
Flirty, creepy, everything other than overt enough
to constitute betraying your live-in girlfriend to whom
you're going home every night who is actually smart enough
and respectful enough to ask you,
do you have feelings for that young writer
that you're talking about, that you're
paying all this attention to, and saying to her,
no, because the trick is, if you lie to yourself,
you can lie to everybody.
It's really easy.
And so that's what I continued to do, telling myself
and anybody that threatened to confront me with it,
that if you thought what I was doing was creepy or flirty
or unprofessional, then it's because you were the sexist.
You were jealous.
I was supporting this person.
I'm a mentor.
I'm a feminist.
It's your problem, not mine.
You're the one that actually is seeing things
through that lens.
And so I let myself keep doing it.
And it's not as if this person didn't repeatedly communicate
to me the idea that what I was doing
was divesting her of a recourse to integrity.
I just didn't hear it because it didn't profit me to hear it.
And this was after all happening to me, right?
And so after a season of playing it that way,
I broke up with my girlfriend, who I had lied to the whole time
while lying to myself, lied to her about why
I was breaking up with her.
Because I thought that would make having inappropriate feelings
for a co-worker appropriate if I wasn't involved.
I want you to be the one to examine this
and every step of the way decide for yourself
where I'm making mistakes.
I don't want to explain to you what I've learned.
I want you to look at this.
And I want it to sound relatively unremarkable to you
because that's the danger.
I broke up with my girlfriend, then I went full steam
into creeping on my employee.
Now it was even less appropriate after all.
Now I wasn't in danger of being a bad person.
And then after that season, I got overt
about my feelings after it was wrapped and said, oh, I love you.
And she said the same thing she'd been saying the entire time
in one language or another.
Please don't you understand that focusing on me like this,
liking me like this, preferring me like this,
I can't say no to it.
And when you do it, it makes me unable to know
whether I'm good at my job.
And because I finally got to the point where I said to her,
oh, I love you because that's what I thought it was
when you target somebody for two years.
And it was therefore rejected that way.
I was humiliated.
And so I continued to do the cowardly thing
and continued to do the selfish thing.
Now I wanted to teach her a lesson.
I wanted to show her that if she didn't like being liked in that
way, then oh boy, she should get over her soft after off.
You're just going to be a writer,
and then this is how just writers get treated.
And that was probably the darkest of it all.
I'm going to assume that when she tweets about it
and refers to trauma that that's probably it because I drank,
I took pills, I crushed on her and resented her
for not reciprocating it.
And the entire time I was the one writing her paychecks
and in control of whether she stayed or went
and whether she felt good about herself or not
and said horrible things, just treated her cruelly,
pointedly, things that I would never, ever, ever
have done if she had been male.
And if I had never had those feelings for her.
And I lied to myself the entire time about it.
And I lost my job, I ruined my show,
I betrayed the audience, I destroyed everything,
and I damaged her internal compass.
And I moved on.
And I never did it before, and I will never do it again.
But I certainly wouldn't have been
able to do it if I had any respect for women.
On a fundamental level, I was thinking about them
as different creatures.
I was thinking about the ones that I
liked as having some special role in my life.
And I did it all by not thinking about it.
So I just want to say, in addition to obviously being
sorry, but that's really not the important thing,
I want to say I did it by not thinking about it.
And I got away with it by not thinking about it.
And if she hadn't mentioned something on Twitter,
I would have continued to not have to think about it.
Although I did walk around with my stomach and not about it.
But I wouldn't have had to talk about it.
And the last and most important thing I can say
is just think about it.
No matter who you are at work, no matter where you're working,
no matter what field you're in, no matter what position
you have over or under or side by side with somebody,
just think about it.
Because if you don't think about it,
you're going to get away with not thinking about it.
And you could cause a lot of damage
that is technically legal and hurts everybody.
And I think that we're living in a good time right now
because we're not going to get away with it anymore.
And if we can make it a normal part of our culture
that we think about it and possibly talk about it,
then maybe we can get to a better place
where that stuff doesn't happen.
So that's it.
Please don't hurt her.
Please don't make this worse on anybody but me.
And let's move on.
I'm bad at ending things.
I'm going to now have a drink.
That was seven minutes exactly.
Oh, well, it was totally rehearsed.
Jeff, tell us about India.
This is kind of a tough act to follow, man.
Well, India is certainly the means to do it.
You know, it was amazing.
Are there cows there?
The cows were.
Those are illegal, right?
Cows are not only legal.
They have their own lane.
The traffic there is insane.
And I was told that it goes in order of the size of the car,
like the bigger cars get the right of way
and then all the way down to the people on scooters.
But if you're a cow, everybody gets out of your way.
They call it the cow lane.
And the cows just cruise down the street.
They're kind of like cats.
Like they hang out in the hurry.
They hang out in the daytime.
They go, they get gallivants around town,
eating whatever they find on the street,
sometimes pilot trash or whatever.
And then they all seem to be going home in the same direction
at the end of the day.
Like they're all kind of coming back home.
It's their day job is like to get garbage.
You know, it's crazy.
When Church and I checked in, we landed at like 3 AM.
We got to the hotel at like 4 AM.
And this beautiful hotel in Bangalore.
And they put the little, I forget.
What do they call it?
Church with a little red blessing on your forehead?
A dot.
Tulaka.
And they give you a little.
A tulaka.
And they put the thing and they gave us a little mango drink.
And there was Christmas decorations everywhere.
Because we got to like around the 20th, right?
Something like that?
No, no, before that.
I think before.
Yeah.
But it was, you know, the build up to Christmas,
they love Christmas there.
Like more Christmas decorations than you see here.
And everywhere, like the malls and the hotel lobbies
and the airports.
It was just like Santa Claus' and Christmas trees everywhere.
And I asked this woman, Needy, kind of our driver, handler,
like chaperone, do you guys love Christmas?
You know, we celebrate every holiday here.
Hindu holidays are every day.
They have 1,000 festivals and stuff.
Like we love all festivals.
I go, do you celebrate all Christian festivals?
I go, yes, all of them.
And they go, because Christmas is the festival of lights
and gift giving.
And they all dress up as Santa Claus
and give each other gifts.
I go, do you celebrate all, like, Islamic festivals too?
Yes, all of them too.
I go, what, Jewish festivals?
And she goes, no.
But not because the anti-Semitism.
I think they're like, no, but those aren't as fun.
They're not flashy, certainly.
But you should have said meh.
Meh?
Yeah, you should.
I mean, come on.
You know, what I found weird is that they treated us so well,
they gave us, me and Greg Proops were doing comedy shows
there.
And we were surrounded by a phalanx of security
when we would do these shows and walk to go to the bar.
And there would just be seven or eight buff Indian dudes
in black t-shirts just following you around everywhere.
And they're under strict orders, like,
don't let this guy out of your sight.
Like, we were like big hot shot Bollywood stars.
I'm like, no, I think you'll find that nobody really
knows who I am here.
But it was great.
The people there are fantastic.
They called you Sahib.
I didn't know that until after the fact that I was Jeff Sahib.
I found out later on that that was my handle.
Was that a thing that, was it a Greg Proops gig?
Yeah, Greg and I once in a while will get corporate shows.
Usually they're in Houston or Ohio or corporate gigs
around America.
But he said, hey, Jeff, we got this cushy gig
for this alcohol company called Black Dog in India.
And they just treated us like royalty.
It was fantastic.
It was really, like, it's not funny.
I don't have a hilarious joke about it.
But like, if you've not been, the people
that are listening that have been to India or from India,
they know, I hope, like how special and really, like,
marvelous.
Like, there's so many people.
It's so crowded.
There's so much noise and color and sights and smells
and sounds and things.
But nobody's angry.
Like, everybody just was chilled out and just relaxed.
And if you follow a church on her Instagram at Cassandra
Church, there's a picture that she took when we were at,
it was a Charamara Palace.
Charamara?
Charamara.
Something like that.
Doop, doo, doo, doo, doo.
And she took a picture of these five women just sitting down
on their break.
And it was like, it's so captivating.
I don't know.
I'm kind of nerded out on India.
And I really, really, like, would love to go back at any time.
I'm working with a writer that was in Eastern Europe.
And he, you can tell from the way he talks about it
that he really wants to just go there and live there forever.
Sometimes you can feel that way and be wrong.
Like, you'd go out there and find out you were totally wrong
and you just have an infatuation with a place.
Like, I felt that way about Portland for a while.
But I don't know.
I wonder if everybody has, like, a city somewhere on the planet
where they would be extra activated.
I mean, India is such a giant.
Like, it's almost its own continent.
And every city, from what I've heard,
is really different in lots of ways.
It's, you know, 100,000 languages and all this different,
like, just from neighborhood to neighborhood is so different.
I would love to go back and explore more of it.
Like, some people go to Thailand and fall in love with it
and go, OK, I could live in Thailand.
I don't know that I would necessarily need to go live
in India, but it's certainly a place.
Like, Church has a friend, he's a composer who,
my name is Michael Dana, who, like, he goes there
for months, right?
Yeah, and like, he's in love with India.
And you can see why.
It's like, just walking down the street,
old ladies wearing these brilliantly colored saris
or kurtees or whatever, and just walking down the road.
And Church was dressed, you know, like in a black Vivian
westward suit the first day.
And not getting, like, hostile looks,
but just kind of getting side eyes from the ladies.
And then we got her some local gear.
Like, you got some clothes there.
You want to come up and talk about it?
Church, come on up.
Church!
Let's not talk about her like she's not here.
And bring her up on stage.
So these women, like, walking down the road,
and then she kind of put, like, some linen-y,
like, we got some, like, local, like,
kind of more local-looking clothes.
And then women just sort of smiling at her.
And then we're walking down, like, these, like,
the old city in Hyderabad, which is much more Islamic.
Like, a lot of burkas and the full-on head covering stuff.
And little girls were just coming up to Church
and just taking photos with her,
like she was, like, Lady Gaga.
It was fucking rad.
It was really good.
Yeah, they don't get a lot of Westerners
coming to Hyderabad.
There's, it's not really a tourist spot.
So we stood out.
Yeah, I looked like Godzilla.
And she looked like Yolande from a fucking dn-word.
I mean, you hear that, you hear that a lot about Thailand.
And I didn't, I wasn't sure if India was like that.
But then again, India's gigantic.
And so it probably vary from neighborhood to neighborhood.
But that, that, I didn't know if that was also a thing
that was still happening.
In the 80s, I would hear that that if you're an American
or a European and you're like, and you
go to some of these countries that people,
everybody just wants to, like, pose with you
and touch your clothes and all this stuff.
And it, it's the kind of thing that it,
as a white American, you, you don't want to,
it feels racist.
Like, you, it feels.
It also feels antiquated.
I actually didn't expect that that would still be a thing
now that like, I don't know, post internet or something.
And the way that you can get anything now
and most places are becoming more and more Western.
I really didn't expect to really feel so foreign.
Yeah.
And that was a tech city.
These were tech cities.
These are sort of not even the places that you see
in most of the travel photos.
These are the progressive kind of areas.
It's possible that the reason we think that way,
and then we think that it's wrong to think that way
or whatever, is that because we have a perverted relationship
with fame and with selfies and, and we,
how we conflate it with social status so that we have this,
like, oh, if you come up to somebody and say,
can I take a picture with you that you're taking something
from them slash giving them something and there's an exchange
happening, whereas they, as a more ancient founded culture,
like, are just going, you look crazy.
They just walk up and say, can I take a selfie with you?
Yeah.
Like, and there's no shame at all.
In fact, I noticed, I don't know if you noticed this,
did you see all the billboards advertising phones
that take better selfies?
And it's just on billboards everywhere,
specifically advertising phones based
on having good selfies?
You didn't notice that?
They were everywhere.
Jeff was telling me about the headwag thing
that I found so fascinating that there's this, I mean,
I don't know how else to describe it.
It could be like, maybe, or like, oh, I'm thinking, or.
It's like saying, um.
And like, while you're like, you're saying, hey,
so if we're going to leave for the airport,
and while you're saying, like, the person's trying to go,
that's them cogitating.
It's an acknowledgement of what you're saying being processed.
So I was kind of like reading it.
As opposed to just immediately babbling and saying, um, er,
well, let me see, I don't know.
Which I would imagine during that crucial phase, a lot of us,
that's when a lot of us say no to each other.
Because we don't know what to do.
And hey, do you know how to?
No, no, no.
But then maybe if we did have a thing in our culture where
it's like, well, don't do that.
Don't just diarrhea some nose at each other.
Don't feel the need to, like, barf up information.
Actually, if you're on pause, it's
like a little pinwheel thing in an operating system
that someone's going like this while they heard me.
I think it means lots of different things
and we weren't there long enough to totally learn.
But it's just you don't see that little chin-wag thing.
It felt like it made sense after about a day.
It was sort of strange at first.
And then I kind of got just, it's
like when you're trying to pick up a new language
and you start to learn things based on just the context
of what's happening.
You know, it's just body language.
And it's like, oh, well, he's saying, yeah.
By the way, his eyes look.
I can tell it's like, yeah, maybe.
Like this other point is like, oh, yes, absolutely.
I can do that.
Here's something I noticed.
Sorry.
Did I cut you off?
No, go ahead.
This is fucked up.
You know how people think on Twitter
that I wrote Teen Wolf on the MTV show.
In India, people kept coming up to me.
And they go, at the hotel, like, we're these nice hotels.
And it's two waitresses come up to me.
I'm having breakfast.
And they go, pardon me, Mr. Davis, Jeff Davis?
Yeah, they go, we are such big fans of yours.
And there's a lot of Who's Line fans there.
Like, it's been syndicated there for ages.
So a lot of people really know Who's Line, which
is why they brought us out there, I suppose.
There, everyone thinks I'm Jeff.
The same Jeff Davis that wrote Teen Wolf,
but for their money, they're giant criminal minds fans.
And everybody thought I was the Jeff Davis
that wrote Criminal Minds, because that's
the same Jeff Davis that wrote Teen Wolf.
We've got to get this guy on the show.
It shouldn't be.
I don't want to insult him by saying it shouldn't be that hard.
But I'm just assuming if he works in LA and his name's
Jeff Davis, he must want to talk about this.
We did a show in Bangalore.
Greg and I were doing it.
Then we're doing it, like, a photo op meet and greet.
People come up and take photos and stuff
like that with a backdrop.
And the whole paparazzi kind of flim flam.
And security and stuff.
These guys that look like straight up Harmontown age,
Harmontown nerdy looking fans, they come up and they're like,
oh, we have big fans of yours, big fans of yours.
Like, oh, thank you.
You like the show?
Like, we love the show, Criminal Minds, the best show
in the world.
Criminal Minds.
But they just saw me perform improv.
And they still think that I'm the Jeff Davis
from Criminal Minds.
Well, yeah, I mean, that's to live in their world,
where you're like, yeah, I'm creating Criminal Minds
and Teen Wolf, and then fuck it, let's play.
Let's play emotional parties.
As a sideline, I tell dick jokes.
But I'm not being a show writer.
But wait, what's Criminal Minds again?
I don't know.
I think Padgett Brewster was on it at some point.
No, is that?
Really?
I think.
I don't know.
I've never seen that or Teen Wolf.
I just know that.
I told you about my accountant calling me up and saying that,
did you spend $5,000 on limousines last night?
No.
I got billed for the other Jeff Davis's limo rides
to the Emmys or something like that.
Oh, man.
It's like, we were.
When they come up with TV show names, are they trying?
Are they, is part of it like, well,
we want it to sound like other shows
because that's part of the appeal of TV, if it sounds
too much like a bus, people won't know they should watch it.
So let's call it TV show.
But we'll just technically change the title
so that you can find it.
I think especially for procedurals and stuff.
That's absolutely a huge.
Like, there's always NYP, or I don't know.
It's like, then there was Chicago and Chicago Fire.
And it's like, they're trying to just cash on the,
it's just these words that are like things you like, right?
Television.
It makes sense.
In an ideal culture, you could call it anything.
You could call it, Gadzooka Muka colon, a crime procedural.
And then people would go, oh, Gadzooka Muka.
At least I can remember that.
Who's forgetting it?
Whatever.
If you're into that, I guess you're remembering them.
What's the elevator pitch for a Gadzooka Muka?
It's just seven experts from different fields
forced to work on a task force in downtown Cincinnati
due to the recent string of abductions.
And then at the end of the season, if you watch it,
then at the end of it, they're like, well, I guess that's it.
They got all the boxes packed up.
And the sets are, the bulletin boards are emptied.
And then the guy comes out from the office
and goes like, that's so fast, jackasses.
A homeless guy just got eaten by a Loch Ness Monster in Scotland.
But eight Loch Ness Monsters.
And then the quiz that that's like, how many Loch Ness Monsters?
We're going to Scotland.
Oh, you're there.
Cincinnati's being overrun by Loch Ness Monsters.
Yeah, I wonder what it would take to write a procedural.
I guess a healthy dose of watching procedurals.
That seems like everybody.
Yeah, I think you have to have someone
like a consulting producer that used
to work on one of those things that knows all the full plans.
Let's see if we could just improvise a procedural,
just as a radio play.
We don't have to act it out.
OK.
I'm not as familiar with them as you are.
I don't really watch them, but I'll do my best.
I think you could take my lead.
I'm like Marty McFly saying to the band,
watch me for the changes, try to keep up.
All right, so the cold open, I think we could put a pin in.
But let's just say it's like a paper plate factory
and a guy's finishing making the paper plates.
And he goes like, I'm all done here.
And his off-screen voice says, are you?
Yeah.
There's more in here, though.
In here where it's dark and not surveilled.
And then he walks into the back room.
And you don't even hear what happens.
I got to admit, I didn't expect this guy to be the victim,
but it's OK.
But if we don't see what happened, all right,
well, do we hear a sound like a silencer?
No, it goes to silent.
Like it kind of sounds faint now.
Then we cut to a woman in bed, and she's
looking like she's nervously sleeping and reaches over,
and there's nobody there.
And she sees the clock, and it's 2.30 AM.
And she picks up her phone and starts calling somebody.
But a cold open, we're going to need to punch this thing.
Like, we want to blow to our cold open.
And it can't be a guy walking in the darkness.
It can't be a lady checking her phone.
But she's like, where is it?
Now he's disappeared.
Now where is he?
That's the assumption we're making, right?
So now he's disappeared at the paper plate factory.
He was supposed to be home hours ago.
So then cut to her, because it's a cold open.
We got to keep it short.
So now, but now, doesn't the story
change into her finding her guy who disappeared?
So she cut to her pulling up.
And let's just save money.
Now she's going to the paper plate factory.
And she cut to her at the same set where he was.
Yeah.
She's wearing a fur coat, or whatever she threw on.
A fur coat, because she's the rich wife of a paper plate
factory worker.
Well, I think that's a clue.
It's a gift.
I don't want to blow the whole plot,
but I think that's going to be a thing.
And so she walks into that back room
that Spencer described.
And then she turns on a light.
And the camera kind of goes busters on her.
And she goes, oh!
OK, so then you can go to your title sequence.
CSI and letters.
And it's like crime, conspiracies, international.
No, that's wrong.
That's not a good title.
It's Gadsukamuka.
Gadsukamuka.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Which is the name of the plate company.
Oh.
It's centered, it's a serious centered around the intrigue
of the plate company.
All right, Gadsukamuka plates.
OK, all right.
Gadsukamuka plates.
You know what?
And the billboards for the show say, you know what?
Now serving murder.
As murder serves three.
Come back for seconds.
Degrees, murders.
The plates are disposable, but the crimes last forever.
Kind of thing, like, heartache is forever.
I don't want to keep developing this show.
Not because I don't believe in it,
because I'm starting to get greedy.
Right, yeah, I don't want people to know about this.
I have a first look with FX.
I don't want to believe this.
Gadsukamuka plates.
I mean, I think this is probably like a six episode
Netflix-y kind of thing, right?
I mean, you like spotlight.
Yeah, which was a six episode.
Well, shit, if it's on Netflix, well, it's not develop it.
Let's just make it a 10 hour story,
chop it into six parts, and go home.
Uh-oh.
Shots fired on Netflix.
Shots fired most successful TV venue.
I warmed up to Mindhunter, but it
couldn't use more paper plates.
There are Mindhunters in criminal minds, I think.
Like, I think most of the show is a bunch of Mindhunters.
Did the Golden Globes go off without a hitch?
Oh my god, I am still recovering after that Oprah speech.
That's all I'm seeing on Instagram
is people posting pictures of Oprah.
Just the most generic things about it, too.
Just like you had to have been either very impressive
or very not impressive.
Did she go there, or did she not go there?
I think she went there.
She gave everyone a car.
The disappointing thing would be amazing if she literally
gave everyone a car, not just the people at the Golden Globes,
just everyone, all of us.
We all get a car.
As a measure of her actual wealth.
That we're sitting here snarking her,
and then we go home and we have a car.
And then, yeah.
It's in your busted garage right now, next to the Segway.
I'm the only one that doesn't have a car,
because my garage door is busted, so everyone took my car.
Is the Segway still down there?
Did you remove it?
No, we didn't.
The Segway never existed.
Yeah, it was a trick of the line.
I was cooler than that.
The Segway, I got.
You missed an opportunity in that photo
that you and Cody both posted photos of it, I think.
And what you do, the way you get away
with you having an embarrassing Segway in your garage,
is you say that that's what the drunk driver was on.
I know.
He drove the Segway through your garage door.
I kept going until he hit the back wall.
I figured that out after you said it.
I mean, bonus points for actually taking the Segway
and placing it at the point of impact.
Do you think that would be too much?
You just tipped over sideways with a couple of beer cans.
Put a chalk line that's shaped like a Segway in front
of the garage.
Speaking of Hollywood gossip, I don't want to get you guys
in trouble because of your personal relationships.
Can I just say I was at a party?
There was a birthday party of a famous musician.
Yeah, can we talk about this, or can we not talk about this?
All I want to say is, let me vet this with you
and you tell me if I can say it.
I just want to say that Johnny Depp was at the party,
and I think he was literally wearing a hat on a hat.
I can confirm this.
He was literally, he was like a beanie on a beanie.
He was wearing all of the costumes
from the last eight Pirates movies at the same time.
He had a lot of shit on him.
I couldn't believe it.
Yeah, he was wearing layers.
I'm so celebrity blind.
I didn't know that I was standing next to Courtney
left for 10 minutes until somebody pointed out
that I was Courtney left standing.
She really gave me the heebie-jeebies.
Just in the vein of harmless gossip,
I'm not going to cross a threshold into defamation
or anything like that.
I think she'd be happy to hear this, me gossiping about this.
But at the same time, it's totally shallow crap
that's just starfuckery.
I was at a party and Courtney Love was there.
But it was noteworthy to me.
I was like, wow, she looks healthy.
She looks great.
Yeah, that's all I wanted to say.
She looks better than she did 10 years ago, which is something.
It takes on a new tone now because you're
like, oh, you're not supposed to judge people,
objectify on that stuff.
But Courtney Love, I think, is a special case
because it's like, well, she's Courtney Love.
She was sort of like a tarot card for like,
she was the American, I don't know.
We always have these archetypes that we sell.
And we go like, oh, she's crazy.
She's doing, she's drunk.
Yeah, she's had her ups and downs.
But for somebody who had that archetype and that power,
she was like, yeah, she looked very healthy.
Who cares about my opinion about who looks healthy?
I think that gets into character.
I find that being an accused murderist
takes a lot of years off.
What did you say?
Being an accused murderist.
I didn't mean to make you repeat it.
What's the deal with that?
Can we talk about Charles Fleischer, though?
You know, let's talk about Courtney Love's
involvement in Kurt Cobain's death.
Well, I think if we talk about that
and then talk about Charles Fleischer,
we'll definitely never be invited to any parties ever again.
That'll be the only result.
Charles Fleischer, the voice of Roger Rabbit.
But it is important to say, Charles Fleischer
has become physically specific.
He's become a mythical creature.
What happened with Charles Fleischer?
That is for God to answer.
Did you guys listen to Skulljuice?
Is that what you're talking about?
No.
But if you have not heard the Skulljuice episode
with Dino Stamatopoulos and Andy Dick or Charles Fleischer,
it's momentarily a guest.
It's arguably the only listen episode.
Dino throws him off the show kind of.
No, he just drives him off the show.
It was fucking.
It's the best episode.
It's the only episode you've got to listen to.
I think it's the best episode of a podcast I've ever heard.
It was amazing.
It was certainly like this belongs in a museum.
You don't have to love or hate Roger Rabbit
or no Dino or Andy Dick or give a shit about podcasts
who love this episode.
Because the amount of conflict that happens in the first four
minutes is outrageous.
Yeah.
Charles Fleischer was just kind of haunting the party.
And when the cake came out, he just
wanted to eat all the cake.
Do you think it's OK to talk about just the one thing
that I think the listeners would be interested in without?
We don't have to talk about whose house the party was at,
but just the interesting fact about how the party kind of
went off the rails.
Is that?
Do you think that's too?
Well, let me tell it then carefully,
because I don't want anybody to get upset,
because I did do some looking.
And thankfully, it didn't seem to explode online or anything.
And there hasn't been any gossip,
so I don't want it to start here.
But someone made the mistake as anyone
who's ever been to a Hollywood party, which I'm sure
is all of these listeners knows.
You're not supposed to say where you're at,
and it's pretty tight.
And you don't want anybody just showing up
to like a house party or whatever.
If you can't believe you're there.
When you have Johnny Dapp there or whatever, like, yeah.
If you can't believe it.
Don't put the address on Facebook.
I didn't know that you and Cody are going to be there.
I was blown away that you and Cody and just couldn't believe
you were there.
I know.
There were so many people who didn't belong there.
Who let this rabble in?
And already, it was a little bit too loose of a guest list.
Like, once we came in, the owner of the house
was not too pleased with just how many people were in his house.
He wasn't quite prepared for that.
But someone had the bright idea to like,
I don't know if they deliberately posted it on Instagram
or if they location tagged where they were without thinking
or something.
But somehow, the address got out.
And like, teenagers started showing up.
Like, young fans of the, it was just like,
they were pounding on the gates.
And there had been, like, ballet.
We can say it was Sting's house.
It was Sting's house.
No, it was Sting's house.
We can talk about this now.
It was Steve's place.
No, Sting's house.
The phrase Sting's house is already funny.
Like, I never imagined him living in a house.
I would imagine him living in a nest, like under the Aurora
Borealis.
Like, it was a nice tree house.
It was the biggest tree house party I've ever been to.
Sting lives in an igloo that's.
Inside of a yurt.
He has a, yeah, inside his yoga sweat lodge is an igloo.
He lives, yeah, he lives in an igloo inside a yurt.
And all of his appliances are powered
by the temperature differential between the yurt
and the igloo.
So yurt compound connected with hammocks.
It has a half-life of 700 years and two orgasms.
All of the electricity is powered by his own self-interest.
OK.
Fuck Sting.
We can't punish Sting for our interest in him.
Sting's the worst.
All right.
You were at his house.
We weren't really at Sting's house.
For the purposes of this story, we're just
going to keep pretending it's Sting's house.
So it's Sting's house.
I'm sorry if anybody thought that we were at Sting's house.
We got derailed just because the phrase Sting's house
was really entertaining to me.
But basically, the end of the story
is that there was property damage
because someone leaked a location of this party.
And these kids broke like the front gate and the back gate.
We're talking about stealing.
And it ended up in this everybody out scenario
that sent the kids who were trying
to break in with the party guests, including Courtney Love
and anybody else who was like some hot shot out
on the street at the exact same moment all trying
to get cars at the same time.
And that's kind of fun for the kids
to know that if you're at a Hollywood party
and shit goes sideways enough, you
will get shoved into the street with famous people.
Yeah, now it's going to be the goal, right, like after this.
You and Cody had left before the fur hit the fire.
Right before.
Then things got crazy and everyone's being yelled at.
And the guy who threw the party was mad at the birthday person.
But we found out, I thought Johnny Depp got thrown out
with us because we all got thrown out.
We all made our way out the door at the same time.
Johnny Depp was apparently there at 3.30.
No, he stuck around.
Cleaning up.
Whoa.
He apparently went to work.
That's all right, man.
That's all right.
And used one of his 9,000 scarves
to wipe down the fucking kitchen counter.
And while the birthday boy was being bitched out
by the host and being surly and, you know,
petulant on the couch, Johnny Depp was up there cleaning up
cups and fucking wiping down the fucking shit.
And he was being like the mensch of the party.
And he was the good friend who stuck around
and tried to make it better.
Johnny Depp had a hefty bag, like red solo cups.
Oh, no.
It's cool.
No, no, it's all right.
No, no, Johnny, you don't have to do it.
No, it's all right, man.
It's all right.
Oh, man, anything I can do to help, man.
But he and Courtney sang a song together.
And I got to say.
Johnny never sang, but yeah.
He played guitar.
And Courtney sang.
It was not that good.
I was disappointed.
Oh, come on.
It was like a little impromptu, like, living room set.
What was bad?
The song?
The music or the lyrics?
I don't know.
I just, at some point, the party.
I want to know who's worse at singing or guitar.
I don't know.
Come on.
So anyway, I'm fucking Sting.
And I mean fucking him.
And Sting is still coming.
I made him come for the first time since Quadrophenia.
It's a movie.
Yeah, well, so we'll find out what Oprah did.
And I don't think she did something encouraging.
Joe Perry from Aerosmith is walking around a bunch.
And I was very excited about that.
I wanted to meet him, but he was too afraid.
How thoroughly effective.
I didn't quite, Cody sent me a link
so I could try to understand the context.
But I was preoccupied, the all black thing.
What was the, that was an Amber Tamblyn spearheaded thing.
And what was the definition of it?
It was, if you're a woman and you're going to the Golden
Globes, wear all black.
Is that it?
It was, I saw something about this
that was about showing solidarity for women in the workplace
at the Golden Globes by wearing all black.
Because I saw, and I did the article,
I feel embarrassed saying I skimmed to a bram,
like I barely read it.
But it was because I was preoccupied.
But it was brooded in a narrative
about the culture of super slim dresses
and worrying about your weight and all this stuff.
But I didn't quite understand, I didn't
make the connection from zooming through the thing.
Why, if let's wear all black, really just meant let's just
wear whatever and not worry about jamming ourselves
into a sequined tube.
I have no idea if it had.
Amber, all it had to do.
Oh, oh, oh, she didn't spearhead it.
OK, sorry, that was Cody.
Cody, do you know a lot about this?
Cody's so high, I'm fucking mescaline right now.
She can't even understand what's going on.
Cody will come up here, she's tripping balls on fucking peyote.
We're going to have to Google Oprah and this all black stuff
and everything after this.
I'm so jealous, Cody.
You look so comfy over there.
This article associates the all black wearing thing
with the time's up movement, which just went public recently.
Yeah, so that's like a coalition of women in the industry
that are coming together.
Time's up is Shannon Doherty.
Me too is Rose McGowan.
And I've had it is Alyssa Milano, right?
Why am I doing that vein of joke?
That's really going to help my cause.
Well, yeah, because those are the charmed girls and whatever.
Man, I used to have coasters that had charmed stuff on it.
Like it had all the girls and it had charmed
and it had like weeknights at 7 PM on WB.
I had all the Burger King collectible Empire Strikes
back glasses when I was a kid.
And we had all these awesome in the wrapper Star Wars toys,
like memorabilia.
And then we just gave them all away to garage sale.
Did you say Star Wars wrapper? Hit it.
Oh, hang on.
Don't fucking just spring it on me.
What you need?
Oh, hit it.
Just hit it.
Yo.
Oh, shit.
Star Wars wrapper.
Yo, have you seen the recent movie?
Yeah, so good.
Star Wars Force, Waking Up Last Saber Jedi.
It's the fourth in the prequel series, Star Wars.
This one was directed by the director of Born Identity
and written by seven people, Shane Black,
Scarlett Johansson.
Did you see it or?
Sure, I saw it.
Well, it opens like, well, don't throw me off.
Let me drop my Star Wars synopsis science.
And description of the last Star Wars movie.
Here we go by the Star Wars wrapper.
Full synopsis, full synopsis.
I'm about to describe the Star Wars movie I saw.
And I've seen them all, I've seen every Star Wars
that's ever happened from the beginning in 1977.
Take it to the crawl.
The crawl starts by saying it's a dark time for outer space.
And you better believe they make good on that promise.
Buluulu.
After some more words in the crawl,
it pans down to something that you never, ever saw,
a big, long spaceship and or planet.
Then you go and something lands on it and a robot probes
some shit and then some other robots start looking at it.
Then something happens and a laser comes out and, oh my god,
America shouts, this is the best or worst Star Wars movie ever.
It's not unremarkable garbage at all.
It's not styrofoam.
It's important in some way.
It's either the best or the worst.
It's got to either deny you or quench your thirst
for a Star Wars movie because God knows
you can take a franchise and just franchise it.
It's never, ever going to lose any momentum.
Take it to the spoilers.
Just ask the Muppets.
Well, I'm a Muppet rapper.
Oh, I'm a Star Wars rapper.
I'm a Pokemon rapper.
Hey, we all work for Time Warner, Disney, and Marvel.
Oh, the Star Wars movie happened.
And, man, oh, man, you've never seen so many spaceships.
Could you believe that scene where Yoda did more things
than Yoda should be able to do?
Shit.
May the force be with you.
Fishman was a new classic.
I'm glad they invented him.
I hope he doesn't get blasted in the next thing.
But that after the title sequence,
teaser made me think that maybe he might be evil
or his father might be his mother's sister.
I'm not being sarcastic.
I love rapping about Star Wars.
I'm a Star Wars rapper.
I love this franchise.
I got a lot of faith in it.
Please keep making these movies.
Make 100 more.
Make 1,000 more.
Make a million more.
Keep asking me to come to the theater door.
I'm going to camp outside on the sidewalk all night.
I'm going to get into a horrible night
fight with other nerds about whether we
should wait longer or who cut in line.
And meanwhile, the country is crumbling.
Well, I am mumbling about enamel pins with Princess Leia's
good CG face out of Star Wars.
When they're going to fight those Star Wars.
I'm a Star Wars rapper.
You won the battle, the Star Battle, but not the Star War.
Oh.
Thank you.
Darth Ga Ga, the newest Sith Lord with a lightsaber
that has two blades coming out of the handle
and, of course, little tiny lightsaber hand guards
coming out of the hilt.
What could be cooler and smarter and sexier than that?
A lightsaber with fucking little baby lightsabers
that come out in case someone tries to do that move where
they slide their lightsaber down yours
and cut your fingers.
You'd be like, psych.
No, it's like, yeah, it makes sense.
You buy a big book of swords, and you get out your sketchbook
and you design new lightsabers, because that's
where we needed to innovate.
Nothing was really working about the lightsaber.
Really?
I mean, was it a stick with a laser
that's still coming out of it?
Oh, jeez, let's reboot that.
I mean, people are probably sick of that shit.
And after all, really, didn't the person
that designed the original lightsaber,
weren't they really working within limitations?
I mean, and weren't they defined by them?
There was no imagination happening
in the original Star Wars.
It's not like now that you have computer technology,
you should just go, OK, that shit is designed,
how it's designed.
It happened a long, long time ago
in the fucking galaxy far, far away.
So why would you upgrade the goddamn fucking?
Why would you have a lightsaber with two blades?
I want to fart on your shit and eat it.
Have you considered that it's actually extremely badass?
To be fair, you have to have a high IQ
to like the new Star Wars.
But the technology improved in prequels.
Well, it's hard to argue that.
Which means it kind of went back in time
getting better lightsabers.
It's extremely badass.
Can you imagine the ultimate insult of you taking a shit
and somebody walking over and farting on your shit?
And then eating it.
Oh, sorry.
It's me.
It's me, the Star Trek rapper.
We should also revisit that franchise a thousand times.
You know what we should really, generally do
is only make things that have already been made.
It makes sense.
Everybody knows that.
It's this new sustainability.
It's recycling.
Do you think have the Star Wars and Star Trek
rappers ever collaborated together?
Was there ever a song that you got together?
I'm already exhausting myself.
And I can already feel like, why am I
trying to get people to hate me?
Yeah.
Hey, don't forget me, the Blade Runner rapper.
Yo, Blade Runner.
Blade Runner 2049.
Yo, yo, a Blade Runner reboot, reboot, reboot, reboot,
reboot, reboot, reboot, Blade Runner.
Yo, you are a robot.
Are you a robot?
Or are you a human?
Yo, I'm going to haunt you down,
but I'm wearing ghastly not Harrison Ford.
But Harrison Ford's still in the movie
because he's still alive.
So put him in the movie.
But put him in three quarters of the way through
and then make him co-star and put him on the poster.
Yo, it's a brilliant movie.
You're not allowed to hate it.
Because they used Vangelis in the soundtrack
and made it totally fucking up.
So it's Citizen Godney fucking Kane.
Except here's the thing.
It's boring.
B to the O to the I and G. I saw Blade Runner.
It bored me.
I'm 45 years old.
I don't give a fuck.
You can't convince me that I had a good time.
You can't convince me I'm sneezing.
You can't convince me I'm laughing.
You can't convince me it's pleasing.
I'm not entertained.
I didn't like it.
Blade Runner was dumb.
I won't take it away from you.
I won't try to convince you that you didn't like it.
However, if you yell at me for not liking it,
I will make fun of you.
And I will know that you're 25.
Blade Runner 2049.
Very boring movie.
Shouldn't have waited in line.
You were stupid.
I got a screener.
Don't be mad.
Don't be meaner.
You suck my dick.
It fucking, it was boring.
Why would I care about your hologram girlfriend?
You didn't hack the circuitry.
She's not special.
She's not Johnny Five.
She's a fucking hologram.
She's not alive.
So she gets stepped on at the end.
I don't fucking care.
It doesn't send me into fucking any kind of arc.
She never existed.
She's a fart.
She's a cloud.
He's a fucking robot.
None of it matters.
Nothing matters.
The whole movie didn't matter.
Nothing happened that mattered.
The movie didn't matter.
By the way, the one thing that mattered
is the idea that robots were making babies.
And it was never explained.
What the fuck?
Robot babies?
The robots are making babies.
All right.
So they're not robots, then?
Who cares?
Robots are made of metal and can run through walls.
And if you shoot them, they don't fall down as quickly.
They're like zombies that way.
That's what makes them cool.
And you can tell convicting stories
about what it's like to be something that's not human,
like Frankenstein or the original Blade Runner.
But then if you make a movie based on a movie that you liked,
you run the risk of making a Xerox of a Xerox
of a phantom of a thought.
And you might be just stupid and pretending to be smart.
Blade Runner sucked.
Given a million awards, I don't care.
Kick me out of Hollywood.
Put me in prison.
It fucking sucked.
If I have to pretend Blade Runner was good,
and we're going to keep working here, I will kill myself.
Sorry.
Blade Runner sucked.
You know what was pretty good?
What was good?
Eitania was good.
It was a movie about a figure skater.
Sorry.
Eitania was pretty fun.
But you know, that means I'm getting old.
I'm getting old.
But I don't think 18-year-olds liked Blade Runner 2092
or whatever it is.
I think it's people my age that were like,
well, Blade Runner was awesome.
And I understand the emotional concept
that you were terrified that they were going to fuck up
Blade Runner when they fucked up Robocop,
the way they fucked up everything,
that we've gotten so scared that they're going to fuck
everything up that you were relieved that it wasn't fucked up.
But not fucked up doesn't mean good.
And you know, if you don't believe that,
call a Lyft and have your driver be either fucked up
or not fucked up.
And do you want to drive you home?
We had a Lyft with a dog in it the other day.
A little puppy named Phoenix was in the front seat.
And she just jumped in the back seat with us
and laid in our laps and wanted tum-tum rubs.
And it was the best thing in the world.
That was the best Lyft ever.
Although I couldn't help but think, you know,
what if you were allergic and you'd gotten to that Lyft?
You just, it would be a nightmare.
I walked in, I was already happy because I looked,
Phoenix's little puppy was in the front seat.
I didn't see the dog.
I saw a nice, brand new lint roller in the little mesh,
you know, seat pouch, you know, thing, seat back thing.
Oh, that's nice.
He has a lint roller.
And then you find out why, because it's a little dummy.
Head pops around the corner.
And a little dummy in it.
And this one's tum-tum rubs.
Aw, Phoenix.
Phoenix seemed to be trained, too.
This seemed to be a thing.
Phoenix knew to wait for the signal
that the people in the back seat wanted Phoenix in the back seat
and then jumped back there.
And then knew when our ride was over
and hopped back into the front seat.
Knew it when the car came to a stop and the thing,
like, you have arrived at your destination.
And Phoenix got out of our way so we could, you know,
get out and do our thing.
It was adorable.
He's got it.
Yeah, baby, he's got it.
I'm your Phoenix.
Uber Phoenix.
Oh, sorry.
What time?
I can't.
Let's get some Levy up here.
Steve Levy?
OK.
Come join us, Levy.
But I'm warning you now.
Yeah.
Haircut, Levy.
He's got a haircut, Levy.
What's up, Steve?
Were you in Miami?
I don't know.
I went to school there.
Yeah.
How was your holidays?
Did you travel?
I think you did, right?
Yeah, I went home.
It was not good.
You almost died, you said, outside?
I did, yeah.
It was hard.
It was a hard week for me.
Just weather-wise or emotionally?
I was freezing.
I mean, I got sick.
So I was bedridden for like three or four days.
And the first morning, I was sick.
I woke up and I couldn't move my arm.
Couldn't move it more than this.
And it was really painful.
For $5 a month, you can subscribe to Hymontown
and see how much his arm could move.
And I couldn't sleep because every little movement
hurt my arm.
It was just so painful.
What happened to your arm?
Well, I thought, like, oh, this will get better.
And I was just in bed for a couple of days.
I was getting over this cold, whatever it was.
So you thought maybe you slept on it?
Yeah, yeah.
I thought, like, yeah, a little circulation or something.
And then my mom was like, you have to go to the doctor.
And we go to this old Jewish doctor.
And he's cracking all these jokes.
And I was just in a lot of pain.
He's like, we got to x-ray this thing.
Well, that's not a joke.
That's the thing doctors say.
No, yeah.
Did he say we have bad news and we have worse news?
Well, he took the x-ray chart, put it on the light thing,
and circled this thing in my shoulder.
And he was just like, sorry.
You're way too young to be getting this.
It's ultra rare for anyone your age to really get this.
I don't know what to tell you, but you
have a calcium deposit in your rotator cuff.
Oh, no.
For real?
Yeah.
And it's.
Is this part of the joke?
No.
OK.
And calcium's good for you.
Well, yeah.
But I don't think it's.
Not when it deposits.
I don't think it's.
Yeah.
I don't think it's related.
But he was just like, essentially, the tissue cells
and the calcium cells are very, very close.
So your body, when it was making tissue cell,
it ended up being calcium cell, which is essentially bone.
It's like a physical thing that grew in my shoulder.
I mean, all cells are tissue cells.
There's no actual thing called tissue in your body.
I mean, everything's tissue.
You know, he was trying to simplify it, I guess.
But so when I was moving, there was just like this like.
So now there's bone there interfering
with the rotation of your shoulder.
Well, how are you moving your arm now?
Well, so what he did was he was like, OK,
this is going to really suck for you.
Oh, no.
So sorry about that.
Oh, my god.
Let's pinpoint where your pain is.
Oh, no.
And he was like pushing on certain areas.
He was like, ah, OK, here's the area.
And he takes out this giant needle.
And he goes, OK, on the count of three, I guess,
this is going to be terrible.
On the count of three, I guess.
Smash it?
And what he did was he went like this.
What?
What does he do?
Is it an ice pick?
What is he doing?
It's a needle.
And he finds the calcium deposit,
and he just keeps pushing it in and out like this
to break it apart.
Like a fucking, like he's mashing potatoes?
Yeah, and then he's moving it around like this.
He's scraping it out of your rotator cuff.
This happened for like a minute and 30 seconds.
He didn't give you anything before he fucking did that.
It was the weirdest sensation.
Did he give you a belt to bite or something like a stick?
I was biting my lip.
It actually really hurt.
And you could feel like hitting stuff in there.
No.
And he's like, and then he injects.
Are you sure he was a doctor?
And he injected cortisone, which is what they give the athletes
when they're injured.
And he was like, all right, man.
When did he give you the cortisone?
Like intermittently while through the stabbing.
It was a needle full of cortisone that he squirted out
while.
Yeah, she's a ling.
But he used it as an ice pick.
Yeah, to break apart a crack.
This sounds like, did he say, hold on,
I got an idea before he started doing this?
Oh, he was like, this is what.
This doesn't sound like a procedure that's legitimate.
I'd like to see his diploma.
Yeah.
So anyway, he was like.
Jeff, he was Jewish.
He was like, you would think the worst part is over, right?
And I think it is.
But it's only going to get worse before it gets better.
Oh, no.
So he's like, the next two days are really going to suck me.
What?
Fuck.
And he's like, you probably won't
be able to move it as much.
And you'll experience a lot more pain.
And then hopefully over the next couple of days,
you'll get some movement back and it'll be less tight.
And it's still tight, but.
And it doesn't hurt.
And not in a millennial way.
It's not tight like it's like lit.
Not like cool.
Yeah.
Sick.
So then I was bedridden all that day.
And then the next day, my mom was like,
will you come out to dinner with us?
It's my boyfriend's 60th birthday.
And it's the doctor.
No.
Yeah.
And his daughter's going to come.
And I was like, it'll be a nice thing.
I was like, OK, fine.
So we go to dinner.
And like halfway through the meal,
we're eating and took a bite of this piece of steak.
And it's Saturday night, we're at this popular restaurant.
And it's not going down right.
And I was like, this is not feeling good.
It starts to burn a little bit.
So I drank a bunch of water.
And then I couldn't breathe.
I couldn't breathe at all.
It was really bad.
And I was like, in my head, everyone's looking at me like,
are you OK?
Is it like struggling and making faces?
When you're really choking, you can't even make a sound.
So people are just looking at you like, what?
And they're looking.
And I was just like, in my head, I was like, OK,
there's a 50% chance I could clear this on my own.
And I kind of wanted to.
But it was like, why are you doing this?
Just take the easy way out.
They're saying, are you OK?
Do the, you're supposed to do this.
And I was like, I have to give the universal symbol
for choking.
Did you do it?
Yeah, so I went like this.
And then my mom was like, oh my god.
And then her boyfriend was just like,
do you need the Heimlich maneuver?
And I was like, yes.
And so I had to stand up in the middle of this restaurant.
All of the air just got sucked out of the restaurant.
Everyone stopped what they were doing.
All the tables were looking at me.
I was so fucking embarrassed.
All the waiter was like, oh my god, oh my god.
And then my mom's boyfriend gave me
the Heimlich maneuver, which wasn't painful at all.
I thought it would be, maybe it was the adrenaline,
but for 15 seconds.
And then I just started regurgitating all this water
onto my plate on the table, into the middle of the restaurant.
Everyone's looking at me.
I'm just so fucking embarrassed.
Please tell me it was like an Olive Garden or something.
No, no, it was like a really nice.
What was it?
Why did we spend this podcast talking
about my harassment of employees?
This is the.
I had a, it was a really bad, it was a really bad vacation.
Jesus, is that why it took so long for you
to get on fixing my garage?
I'm kidding.
God damn it.
The joke is I'm a bad boss.
So then, so then, so then that happens.
And the thing is, you were choking on the steak or no?
Yeah, it was a piece of steak.
It wasn't going down right.
I was like having a hard time breathing.
So it's not related to the cortisone and the shoulder
step.
No, this is a separate thing.
You're choking.
I got sick for four days.
I, well, I, yeah, my arm broke down and then I almost died.
Well, I guess a cortisone could like maybe constrict
your throat or something.
It was, it was, it was so weird to not be able to breathe.
Like it, it was like simulated drowning.
Like it's happened.
It's happened to probably a lot of people in this room.
There's like a burning here.
And then it was like a cool sensation
because there was water on top and just like no, just no.
That moment where you realize it was,
you can't do anything about it.
That it's like actually happening.
And then the weirdest thing we've talked about it
on this podcast is like the strangest thing happens.
That you, you get ashamed of it.
You don't want it to be happening.
So you want to, you, you kind of have an instinct
to like get out of there and go die in an alley.
Most choking victims die in the bathroom alone.
They get up and go to the ladies room or the men's room
and die.
That actually almost, I have the perils of like living alone.
I woke up, I was telling Levi outside
because he was telling me that he almost died for choking.
A few years ago, I went to a Chinese restaurant
that I always go to in Chinatown
and ordered the same thing I always do, the duck.
And it was bad duck, evidently, because I woke up
at like four in the morning with food poisoning
and couldn't stop vomiting, like projectile vomiting
to the point where it blocked my nasal cavities.
So the nasal cavities get blocked with vomit.
And then I'm continuing to vomit without being able to stop.
And I couldn't take a breath.
And I'm thinking the whole time, I'm like,
isn't this what they tell you about how you can choke
on your own vomit?
Isn't this, this must be what it's like when people die
and how many days is it gonna be before someone finds me?
And I'm like thinking all of this before finally,
like something happens and like one nostril
gets just the tiniest bit of air that I'm able to then go,
like, and I'm still vomiting, but now I've just got
that little bit of life-saving air.
And I'm like looking at my cat, like how many days
would it have been before you started eating my face?
Like I just don't, it was like, wow, like this close,
like who would have found me?
How long before someone would have like suspected something?
Like do cats eat your face when they get hungry?
The cats start almost immediately.
You stop moving and they're like,
so you're never gonna feed me.
Yeah, food runs out and then they're like, well,
yeah, you look like a big bowl.
Dogs take a couple of days because they're like,
I feel like this is a test.
This is like him, he fucks with me.
But cats are like, I've been waiting for this.
The weird thing though is in public,
not that they can do anything,
but as soon as it's over with,
everyone goes right back to their conversations
and eating like nothing ever happened.
But you know they're not,
they can't be talking about Game of Thrones.
They must all be going like, what's up with that dude?
He choked.
Yeah, I know, I saw him.
It took me like 10 minutes to recover.
I couldn't, I didn't eat the rest of the night
because I was like, this is, I can't, I just, I can't do it.
And then the next morning I woke up to text from you
going, a guy drunk drove through my garage.
I'm like, hello.
Wow, Levy.
That was my break.
And I mean, you didn't text back.
I almost died and a guy stabbed me
with an ice pick covered in cortisone.
Can't you deal with it yourself?
Right, cause you know I would have fired you.
On it.
And then I was stood up on New Year's.
That was fun.
And then, yeah.
Stood up.
Yeah, like we, you know,
I was supposed to hang out with somebody and then.
Like they flaked or are they,
I mean like, were you standing?
Like a hot date, like a New Year's kiss you at midnight?
Yeah, maybe, yeah.
Maybe.
And she fucking boned out on you?
She didn't come.
There was, I don't know.
She didn't show.
Nothing happened, yeah.
Nothing happened, meaning she didn't show up
or nothing happened?
Yeah, no, no.
No plans happened.
You said stood up.
Yeah, I mean, like we were like, yeah,
let's hang out in New Year's.
And then, and then we were like, you know,
this time and then, nope.
They just didn't show up.
Yeah.
Levy.
You're breaking my heart over here, Steve.
Well, it was a hard, it was a hard week.
It's only up from there?
Yeah, I hope so.
That was on there.
It was a tough first day back at work too.
You know, lots of stuff going on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's a lot of upheaval.
What are we supposed to do to make this right?
There's not.
Play a little, play a little D&D, I think.
I think we, we forget our work-a-day cares
and get into a realm of fantasy and adventure.
Just one shout out about this, about the set design
and the ongoing technical efforts of our crew.
I don't know, it's beautiful.
It looks great.
We had a great Christmas.
I mean, our Christmas episode was like whatever
in terms of content, but the fucking set was like.
That was amazing.
It was great.
I was really envious to not be there for that one
because it looked so like resplendent.
I loved it.
Is this all Chris and Sarah, like who made all this?
Awesome.
Oh, thank you.
I'm a load of water.
Thank you.
You want a water, Chris?
Levy, we got to get you retired.
I mean, you get bone, bone things.
I kept saying to my mom, I'm dying.
And she's like, you're dying.
Stop it.
But like, I feel like I'm falling apart a little bit.
Well, I mean, I want you, yeah.
We got to get you, we got to get you-
Between the psoriasis and the-
I don't want you to die my assistance.
I mean, I want you to-
I went and got my annual physical
and my doctor told me
that I had to stop masturbating.
What?
I said, why?
And he goes, because I'm trying to give you a physical.
Oh.
Thanks, Jeff.
You know what?
There is one thing, I think Chris may have said
these lights are programmed to the way the show,
like our voices, like as we talk-
They light up when the show's going well.
Yeah.
They twinkle.
Each one of those lights is someone on Reddit
making a comment, it's either positive or negative.
It's based on equalizer, I think,
like as the levels, it like flickers, I don't know.
I might have made that up.
Is this like bone growth in your shoulder
going to keep growing?
He said, it could come back, it may not, who knows.
And then I found out this week, my mom was going,
my mom was complaining about my dad's side,
like the genetics, the genetics are so bad,
you're going to end up with all these terrible diseases.
Your grandmother's telling me you need to get a colonoscopy
and I was like, all right.
Wait, your mom said that?
Yeah.
I thought you said, this is a roller coaster.
You said, mom, I'm dying.
She said, you'll be fine.
I know.
And then she walked up the drain and then she came back
and she's like, well, okay, a few things.
Yeah, exactly.
She blames all the bad genetics on my dad's side.
Like I have the psoriasis and whatever,
my dad died early.
But she was in the throes of being hot
for this dude that saved your life.
Her boyfriend, her date saved her son from dying.
And that's when she was like driving home and going like,
plus your dad's full of diseases
and his whole side of the family's awful.
Cause she was like pumped about this guy.
These are different times.
They're having it different times.
And then she calls me and she goes,
yeah, my brother gets those all the time.
It might be genetic.
You may get more of them in different places in your body.
Yeah, cause now you know that you're prone to this, right?
So is there something that he,
did you get any advice on how to prevent these?
No, he said it's impossible.
It just like will happen.
You should stop eating calcium.
Now you just have a new thing to fear.
I don't know that it's related.
It's like, well, it's a calcium deposit.
So it's kind of related.
They're just growths.
It's like some people grow skin tags and stuff.
It's just like a growth.
Right, I was just gonna say, my Polish genes make it so,
well, I can't, sometimes they fall off.
I just have erasers that grow on my body.
Yeah, skin tags.
My 100 year old grandma was covered in them.
But I did, so this guy that's dating your mom
who saved your life, literally saved your life.
Yeah, he did, yeah.
On his birthday.
So let's say things don't work out
between him and your mom.
And let's say you're at baseball practice
or at Astronomy Club.
As I usually am.
And he pulls up in his car and he's like toot toot.
And you're like, oh.
And he's like, and you're like,
you look around for your mom
and because you know they broke up,
then it cuts to you getting in the car because, yeah.
And then he's like, hey, I just wanted to hang out
and how's your mom doing?
And you're like, Michael, I don't know.
Well, you know, I don't know if this is appropriate or,
look, what do you, and he's like,
listen, would you just put in a good word for me?
You know, be a good guy.
Right.
Tell her I made some mistakes,
but she can record TLCs trading spaces in a schedule
that if there's too many coal bears,
you know, it'll balance out.
Like, I'm sorry, that's the fight we got into
when we broke up and just tell her
we can share the DVR space.
And you're like, Michael, look,
my mom's her own woman, you know?
And he's like, you owe me.
Saved your life, dude.
Yeah.
Like, you weren't talking about how it's her own life
when you were choking on water and steak.
And you're gonna be like, yeah, what are you gonna do?
No, I'll vouch for him.
Oh, okay.
No, yeah, I think he's a good dude.
But all you have to do is go to your mom and say,
Michael showed up, it was kind of predatory,
and like, he wants me to put in a good word for him.
He did save my life, so I have to, I'm passing along.
He's, yeah.
Yeah, he's not the guy that would,
a kind of guy that would do that, but yeah.
What if you said no and he like stuffed
a chunk of steak down your throat?
I was like, I take this back.
Yeah.
He does the ninja thing with the string and the poison,
except it's a chunk of steak.
Like a troupe here.
Dripping down the string.
I brought you into this world
and I can take you back out.
I didn't bring you into this world,
but I did keep you from leaving this world,
and so I think I might be able to take you out
if I can convince you to be vulnerable
while you're eating.
Okay, you guys playing?
Yeah, well, personally, indeed.
I'm gonna excuse myself from the stage then.
Let's thank Church for coming out.
Thank you, Church.
Thank you for taking us to you.
Chords, Chords.
I call her Chords.
Did we tell the Chords story in the show before, Church?
No.
Where were you in Columbia?
Yeah, I was in Columbia.
Yeah, she was in a Starbucks in Columbia,
and they asked her what her name was
to write on her coffee cup, and she said Church,
and her cup came back and it was Chords, C-H-O-R-T-S.
So guess what she is called
around the house all the time now?
Chords.
All right, Suspenser,
it's been a good long time since I've been here,
and we haven't played D&D in a long time.
So would you catch me up, and the audience up maybe,
and kind of give us a brief recap
of what the hell's going on?
Yeah.
Do you want the music or no music?
Whatever you want.
I'm gonna give you some music, man.
So while this is happening, think about questions
that might be relevant to getting you guys
personally back on track with understanding
what's going on, as I say these things.
Last time on Harmon Quest,
our heroes had just gotten to Doornester.
They got past the guards after a scuffle
with undead outside the city.
The guards were sleepy, it seemed, and they got inside,
and once they were in Doornester,
they were like, what are we supposed to do
because they were on the quest for Patchen's gem?
He's gonna keep shoving that up her ass.
Well, it's not, it's what's happening.
While in Doornester, they split up to look for clues
and get a lay of the land in the sense of the city.
Jeff or Chad and Diarrhea went to the open air black market
where they purchased clothes and did aerobics
with the church of the body temple.
Meanwhile, Carlos went to the church
where he saw Geffen was making everyone doin' crazy exercises
because he said they were all on weed.
And then Carlos talked to one of the people
from the church and realized that this city employs
a very conspicuous theater as one of its industries.
And was the theater involved in any of the intrigue?
It might be the case that it was,
but we'll find out now on Harmontown Time,
the quest.
Nice, all right, so are we all together?
Are we still separated?
Me and Diarrhea, who were together?
You had just met back up to kind of discuss
some of your findings, but yeah, you came to the town,
you came with Patchen's to help with the quest
for Patchen's gem because he was going to get the gem back
because it was important to him.
So you snuck into the town,
or you got into the town, it wasn't really sneaking.
And Patchen's is not with us, right?
Patchen's is kind of with you.
He's not like at your beck and call.
Like he kind of shows up and leaves and stuff.
But yeah.
But he knows that we're a fan.
He knows that we feel the...
Rick Elsatran.
He's anxious and trying to find the gem.
He understands that you're trying to find the gem.
To help him find his gem.
Yeah, okay, so...
And reluctant about it.
Yeah.
Let's go to this theater.
Let's go to the theater.
Now, when we get there, let Patchen's do all the talking.
Okay.
Can we just watch Spencer play D&D by himself?
I'll be so good.
Hey, what's going on?
What are you talking about?
Does that happen?
That happens.
All right.
You make your way to the Dornester Theater Company.
It's one of the biggest buildings in town.
It's a modern looking building made out of stained planks.
They're stained almost like a black color.
And then the theater itself has a nice sign
that's immaculately and intricately painted
that says Dornester Theater, now playing.
What's playing?
It has, it looks like it says the sands,
but it looks like a bunch of letters are missing.
So it probably said something else at one point.
Can we buy tickets to the show?
The box office isn't open.
Why did we want it?
What was the point of going to the theater?
When Dan was at the church, he talked to Peach,
who was one of the people who had been working
at the church and stuff.
And he asked if there was any industries.
And Peach said that the only industries were farming,
milling flour, baking bread, and the theater.
And so...
I try to open the door.
It's locked.
It's a heavy double door like an audience facing door.
I try to open the door.
It's locked.
Can you pick the lock?
He's not...
What hour of the day is it?
Sorry.
Let's say it's 1 p.m.
Okay.
And I put my ear to the door.
Is there a production going on within?
There are, you hear voices and you hear the sounds
of movement, like, you know, loud steps and stomps.
I knock on the door.
All right.
You knock on the door.
Like a polite individual.
I do a comedic wince because I had my ear to the door
when he knocked on it.
So there's like a little, there's room for comedy there,
but it's execution dependent.
Yeah.
You find room for comedy.
It, the door slowly opens.
Well, it doesn't slowly open.
After a time, the door opens and there's a big fat guy.
He's wearing all black and he's wearing black tights
and he's kind of like just poking through the door
a little bit and he's like, you guys aren't,
you guys aren't with us.
What does that mean?
You're not with the theater.
Well, I came to audition.
No, you didn't.
But why not?
We're not having audition.
We don't just have auditions.
Well, I think I'd be perfect for the sands.
What?
In the new play that I've written,
which is guaranteed to double your audience size
and the funding for your theater.
It's about horses.
Well, that all sounds very great.
You want to talk to Shrove.
He's kind of the master of the theater.
Yeah, let's talk to that guy.
Thank you.
He's not here.
Where do we find him?
Small town.
He's probably around.
He's usually out and about.
Who knows?
What grabs his attention most?
I'd say a snappy loot tune.
Oh.
Snappy loot tune.
Should we go to the center of town
and start doing our song?
Just a couple more questions for fatty tights.
Sure.
Are you guys doing a performance soon?
Yeah, we're kind of behind schedule right now,
but we're trying to get some of the understudies
up and going with the saints of virtue.
That's the one we're putting on.
Well, we'd love to come see a performance.
Yeah.
Well, it's going to be this Saturday,
which isn't for a while,
but we got a lot of work till then.
What happened to your main cast
that you need to get the understudies ready?
What?
You heard him.
No, I didn't.
What?
He said, what happened to your main cast
that had created such a demand for understudies?
The guy who was playing Saint Aurora
and the guys that were playing the cunning nests
and the dashing Fredo both fell absent.
Yeah.
Both, all three of them.
That's a lot of people falling absent.
Yeah, people come and go and kind of like,
sometimes they go out on little troops
to do traveling shows and stuff,
but it's not normal that a bunch of people
go missing as a result.
How many days have they been missing for?
Seven, six or seven?
There are a lot of banditos in this show you're putting on.
What do you mean?
Bandito characters, traveling, brigands, highway robbers.
This whole city is such.
Look.
No, they mean in your show.
In the character?
Yeah, in this show, the Guides of St. Clarice
or whatever you're putting on.
The Saints of Virtue.
Yeah.
The Guides of St. Clarice.
What's the elevator pitch for that when we had been?
Never mind.
There's elevators.
OK, well, what's the hand-cranked elevator
pitch for Clarice's dementia?
Well, Saint Aurora was the famous Saint of Virtue
along with his kind of, what do you call it, swordsman,
his vanguard.
They were known as the Saints of Virtue,
and they stood for the various goods of the world
and prevented them from falling into corruption.
Oh, those were the guys that wore the purple costumes.
And they had the, like in the stories,
they always had the big capes and the crazy purple hats.
I don't remember them being purple.
What did they do?
No, how did they dress again?
Oh, how did the Saints of Virtue dress in the play?
They dress kind of as like Paladins
or royal, royal, churchly knights, huh?
I thought I could do a thing about it.
I pulled diarrhea and Carlos aside,
and I looked at them and I go, are you guys
thinking what I'm thinking?
Pizza.
Pizza party.
All right, well, what was your name again?
Gretel.
I thought it was Shrove.
No, that's the master.
Shrove's the theater.
Well, we'll tell Shrove you said hi.
Thank you, Gretel.
I didn't say hi.
Don't tell him that.
What was something going down between you and Shrove?
No.
You just don't say hi to each other?
I just didn't.
I didn't want to.
I mean, we'll say hi to him.
Yeah, no, that makes this a lot simpler
if I just choose to do that.
And then you know what I'm not going to say to him?
Is that we had to do this negotiation,
because he might take offense.
Yeah, that would be great for me.
Rope, Shrove.
Break a leg out there for a Saints of Virtue.
Yeah, yeah.
It's an expression.
It means good luck doing your performance.
Right.
Good luck.
OK.
Actors are superstitious.
So if you say break a leg, although some people think
the etymology is more about just the traditional breaking
of a leg, meaning you bow.
Right.
What do you guys think we should do?
Well, I pitched a pizza party, but let's go find Shrove.
Do we?
I mean.
Yeah, let's head into the center of town
where the action is.
Is there kind of like a main act,
like active hub in town, Spencer?
The center of town is kind of the market that you were at.
You guys want to get on the same page real quick,
just because I think we're thinking at this point.
And it's a long shot, but that this mysterious theater
troop, because this town is so not, it's not New York.
I mean, there's not like fucking thieves' guilds
everywhere, that maybe this theater guild, which
is a little active for this small town.
And now we're finding out how these actors that have all
disappeared in the time frame that we got mugged.
Can I go back in my head and imagine, you know,
just because we were in that combat,
like how many dudes we killed, and does that correspond
with the number of actors?
The Bandidos, yeah.
I want to say you killed more than three people,
like maybe five, or maybe two more.
You saying that we might have killed the actors?
That is what he's saying.
I'm a wall, I don't mean to high road you.
I'm just saying, like, this is the thin fucking line.
High road, Martin.
This is the thing we're following.
It's the lead that we got.
It's the idea that in this town, when
you hire people to do crazy shit,
you hire these actors, that it's like Patrick Swayze's
troop in point blank, like they're surfers.
You don't expect them to be bank robbers.
Yeah.
Jeez, all right, well, let's just go find Shrove.
And we can crash the thing into the ground,
you know, this theory.
Yeah, no, I'm just going through my notes.
It's been so long, I'm a little confused.
Well, I'm not to.
I'm going to make you, you take the lead on this one.
Well, let me just verbally, well, we have this chance,
because I don't want to do this in front of non-player
characters.
This will help all of us.
This is my working theory.
But it's not, I don't believe in it, really, half a wit.
That we were on the road, we were way-laid by bandits,
they fucked us up, they took Patchen's gem,
then we came to this town.
We're looking around for people that you might hire to do
such tasks, because the only thing we had to go on
was a letter that we can't really read, because it's
written in this kind of guild script.
The guild script just means that they're professionals
that were hired.
There is no guild in this town, you can't just go to a place
that says, like, here's the place where people go,
you hire people that rob people.
There's just people that churn butter, cut hair,
and are in this theater troupe.
The theater troupe is the crazy people.
You would expect a theater troupe to be smaller in a town
this size, it should be like three people doing improv,
like in Green Bay or something, and it'd just be like,
kind of, the two of them would be bowlers, and one of them
would be the guy that hangs up the fly, and one of them
would be the guy that hangs up the flyers,
and the other two are tolerating, because they secretly
fantasize about kicking them out of the troupe,
but they don't want to do the heavy work.
And instead, we got, like, whoa, we got a bunch of people
entertaining a small town, and so that's it, that's it.
That's all we got.
OK, so let's go back and infiltrate this theater company,
I think.
We got to find Rob Schrove.
Schrove.
I'll be the first to admit, I've been fucking this up forever.
I've become a bad leader, this is why they had me locked away.
Well, now you're shot at redemption here, why don't you take?
Yeah, but this has been my shot at redemption,
I've already fucked it up.
I took the lead on this, I'm the reason we're here,
I'm the reason we took Patchen's gem quest instead of the one
that was being dangled in front of us,
I feel bad about all of this.
Is Patchen's here?
Patchen shows up.
Patchen's, I just want to say to you, I'm sorry, you know?
For what?
For insisting on helping you, when in fact,
we're the reasons why you needed help.
The last people, you had it right the whole time, man.
Thanks, man, that means a lot.
But it happens, though.
So I just wanted to say that clearly,
I don't feel like I've been doing this right.
I think you're beating yourself up for no reason,
I think we've all made mistakes, I think it's, you know,
we're just.
I got to tell you something, beating myself up
is all I know how to do.
It's the only thing I know that I'm going to do
that I can do and finish doing.
Everything else, I stop beating myself up,
I try something, and I just fuck it up.
And I'm sorry.
All right, the table talk here, Dan, you've got the fucking,
I've been away for so long, I don't really
remember what the hell's fucking happening.
So you think that the actors might be related to those bandits
that we got way later?
Yeah, I guess, I mean, it's a working theory, but it's like,
I say we just like, let's just dive into it,
let's go find Shrove, throw him up against a wall,
say, what are you doing?
Not literally, I don't mean it that way.
Yeah, I got you.
OK, so.
Is this, is your theater troupe, did you
get a bunch of guys that died because we killed them
on a road?
We go back into the marketplace.
All right.
And we, I asked like a local shopkeeper that looks like some
of them, you know, knows his or her way around town.
You talked to the fabricators Guild Gnome
that gave you those clothes.
Oh, I got flashy clothes now.
Am I wearing those now?
Yep, they put a pep in your step.
They did.
I said, hey, do you know a cat named Shrove?
Yeah, Shrove is like, he's a big, big guy around here,
like everyone knows Shrove.
Have you seen him around today?
We're trying to track him down.
I don't think I've seen him since last evening or so.
I don't know, I haven't seen him today.
Does he have a local like haunt that he hangs out at?
Sometimes he's at the tavern.
I guess most people are sometimes at the tavern.
OK, we go to the tavern.
Yeah, I mean.
Oh, OK, bye.
Oh, thank you.
And nice to see you again.
Would you like to come with us to the tavern?
No, no.
I'm busy.
I didn't mean to be so preemptory.
To the tavern.
All right.
What a tavern is something.
The leaky grieve.
All right, this tavern is labeled the leaky grieve.
As you enter, you instantly feel kind of at ease.
You don't even necessarily notice.
But as of getting into this town, maybe even earlier,
you've just had a sense of dread and foreboding and sadness
and angst kind of sitting in and settling over your body.
And you barely even noticed it until you set into this tavern.
And it actually feels quote unquote right.
And it's great.
There's yelling and singing, and it's raucous and wild.
And it really has the vibe of what
you think Dornester seems like it should be.
This town of ruffians that are going hog wild.
It's a tavern.
They're yelling and singing, and people are throwing shit.
Yeah, there's a big, big beardy guy
who looks like he's over 100, even though he's a human,
which is weird.
Well, it usually implies some magic.
There's an old dude, and he's behind the bar,
and he's wiping down the bar.
And then there's just a bunch of random brigand types.
They just all kind of look dirty and wild,
and they're kind of scattered around the bar.
Mr. Barkeep.
Yeah.
Hey, how's it going?
You guys are new, huh?
Yeah.
The name's Cool Dennis.
Oh, thanks, Cool Dennis.
Cool is your first name?
No.
I'm so new, I hardly know the prices here,
but I'd be happy to give you a whole gold piece for a drink
and a little bit of information around town.
Yeah, man, that's why people come around here.
Sure.
Well, just looking for a fellow named Shrove.
Shrove?
I think he's here.
He's looking around.
Maybe he left.
I think he's here.
I don't see him.
He's like, he's looking around.
Maybe he's in the bathroom.
He might be in the bathroom.
Trying to read your face, Cool Dennis,
can't tell if you're shaking me down for an extra gold piece.
He's not.
OK.
Never what?
Never mind.
I was thinking out loud.
Here's your gold piece.
Oh, thanks, man.
I appreciate it.
Here's your beverage.
I'll have a dragon's snout.
Here's that beverage.
I checked the bathroom.
It's locked.
What?
I walk up to the old 100-year-old man.
That's the bartender.
Oh, so I just stay right where I was?
Yeah.
OK.
Was he in the bathroom?
The bathroom's locked.
Cool Dennis, why is the bathroom locked?
Because it's like a one-person bathroom.
So I don't need a key.
It's just someone's in there?
Yeah.
You think they're pooping?
I hate to speculate.
I stake out the bathroom.
OK.
That's weird.
But yeah.
Well, that's not something Cool Dennis would do, but.
Cool Dennis, why do they call you Cool?
That's a great question.
I don't really know.
You seem pretty cool.
I guess that's why, huh?
All right.
I'd like a drink, too.
Do you have a specialty cocktail or a special kind of brew
here?
I have a stout dragon.
I'll take a stout dragon.
Hey, Cool Dennis, are there any rumors
in town about ancillary treasures
that I could hyper-focus on and turn into our new quest
and totally frustrate everybody?
I hear there's a bag of holding full beef jerky in town.
Wait, how much beef jerky is in the bag of holding?
10 by 10 by 10 feet of beef jerky.
That's a lot of beef jerky.
So people just hear a bag like that in town?
They don't.
I thought that was exactly what you were asking for.
I mean, I guess.
I'm telling you, it is in this town.
I know for a fact.
What's happening in the bathroom?
Bathroom stuff.
Yeah, you hear pooping.
I hear pooping?
How about another random one?
Can I just refresh?
I've been told there's art objects in a locker somewhere.
I want another one.
Give me another one.
Some say the plants outside of Miss Marple's kitchen
aid travelers?
One more, one more.
I want one more of these.
The rocks on the left side of the tree line outside of the west
are known for their ability to skip
better than most others.
I kind of want to see what that planned about.
The Miss Marple one sounds the promising one.
I mean, I'd love a bag of holding empty out the beef jerky.
Never will we try to make all that.
But knowing a bag of beef jerky's in town
does not help you find it.
No.
So we're for, guys, we're on the quest for patches.
Hey, listen, man.
We didn't get on the patch of the quest for patches
here. Remember when we tried to make our own quest?
Yeah, let's think about the time when you guys tried
to make your own beef jerky.
Who's the jerky?
Speaking of beef jerky, I wonder how long
that guy's going to keep pooping in there.
Yeah, I use perception on the bathroom.
That's how you heard the pooping sounds.
Oh, OK.
Steve, you get smashed in the face by a bottle.
What the fuck?
What the ow?
It only does one damage.
Who did that?
Steve.
I examine my surroundings.
You see, there's an old dirty hobo.
He looks even older than Cool Dennis,
although he just looks like shit.
And he's wrapped in a dirty, filthy robe
that's covered in dried, crusted blood.
And it seems like it has a bunch of stab wounds on it.
On closer inspection, it seems like the cloak that
got stolen off of what do you call it?
Patchens when he got robbed.
Whoa.
Wait.
I don't know if you remember, but when Patchens got robbed,
they took all his clothes and left naked.
So this guy's wearing Patchens' cloak?
Yeah.
Or it appears to be?
Hey, why did you fucking, what the hell, man?
Why are you listening to people poop, man?
My name's diarrhea.
That's a great reason.
I don't know who else is listening to people poop, yeah.
Well, now I feel foolish.
Why are you wearing our friend's cloak?
This is mine, man.
This was given to me.
By who?
The guy that's pooping in that there bathroom.
Whoa.
Was he jackpot?
I'm great at this.
What's his name?
The pooping guy.
I don't know.
I'm just some asshole.
Why do you say that about yourself?
I'll tell you my name.
What's your name?
Mollerous.
Mollerous?
Yeah.
And I'm an asshole, and I feel bad.
Why?
Why are you an asshole?
Just look at me.
I'm a piece of shit.
He's like all, he's all staggering around.
No, no.
I've got to wear this dead cloak.
You're great, dude.
Why are you wearing that cloak?
It was given to me.
I'm a hobo.
By the pooper?
Yeah, by the pooper.
I kicked the bathroom door down.
Damn.
You kick it down?
You're a no, but not very strong.
I try to kick it in.
I try to fucking give it my.
What's your strength?
12.
My strength is 10.
Yeah, you don't kick it in.
OK, then I just knock.
I kick it and then knock.
I pretend like my first kick was just my first knock.
You hear a, yeah, hold on, yeah.
OK, what did you fall in there?
What's going on?
No, just no.
Other people got a poop, you know?
Yeah, I believe it.
Need some Pepto?
Go around outside and see if there's a window.
Yes, and don't let anybody get out of it.
Spence, I go around the thing to see if there's a window.
You do that.
There's a window, yeah.
Moulrus, how much is that robe worth to you?
A gold.
Here, I'll give you one.
I'd like it, please.
Thanks, man.
Now, tell me more details about the sale of it.
As many as you have.
It was just given to me.
Well, if that's all you have, then you
don't get another gold piece.
But the most things you can remember
are going to get you all the way up to another gold piece.
Well, there I was in the leaky grieve, completely nude,
as is normal.
We have an arrangement around here,
because I'm kind of a known quantity, you see.
But then in comes this guy clutching his gut
and holding a filthy, disgusting,
robe full of crusted blood and stab wounds.
We got it.
Yeah.
That's our pooper reserve.
So proud of myself.
We got the pooper on the pot.
I was just, that was table talk.
He looks at me, he looks me up and down,
and he tosses this thing at me, and he's like,
you might need this, certainly more than me.
I wouldn't even wear this.
Do you know the guy's name as he's a stranger to you?
He's a stranger to me, a drunken asshole.
OK.
Because now he's completely naked,
and he's just holding a gold piece.
He's got nowhere to put it.
You totally stripped him naked.
Got this guy exactly where we want him.
I thought we got the evidence, and he's cornered in the bathroom.
I take up a position on one side of the door.
Wait, don't I get another gold piece?
Yes, you do.
I give it to him.
I've given him two, one for the robe,
and one for his information.
I gave one to a cool dentist.
I am liked in this bar.
I've caused no trouble.
I got my eyes on the bathroom, and I'm
going to go over my loadout, because I'm going to fucking,
it's time to kick ass in the name of the Lord.
All right.
Mulruth scurries out with the money and naked.
OK.
So we stake out, we got DJ outside,
guard in the window of the privy,
and we got me and Carlos guarding both sides of the door.
I know you guys can't hear me, but I
feel like we should catch him on the shitter,
unless you want to have a civil conversation.
We've caught him on the shitter.
Yeah, no, but I mean, like, don't let him wipe in flush.
Like, he's stuck with his pants down.
You're talking about old school shit, Buster.
That might be the title.
Don't let him wipe in flush.
Yeah, the old, I think Clint Eastwood
said that in Unforgiven.
It's the cowboy code.
Don't let him wipe flush.
Shoot him right at the.
So we wait him out, Spencer.
We wait for this guy to get off the pot.
Well, I want to just, well, before we fast forward to that,
I want to, can we just, because we have nothing to do,
but wait, can we, let's talk strategy,
because we're waiting for a perp to come out of this bathroom.
We could really do this right.
Hatch him with his pants down.
I'm going to use Flare to dazzle him.
I got, can you advise me on my loadout?
What do you mean?
Well, I just don't know.
I don't remember.
I didn't keep track of, like, what I'm assuming.
I think I was, I'm probably, by default,
going offensive loadout.
That's probably, I'm going to assume that's what I've been doing.
I don't remember what I've used.
I don't think we've used any spells since the last time
we've refreshed spells, so you should be good for whatever.
All right, so my best bet at close quarters
is inflict light wounds.
It's a touch that deals 1-8 damage plus 1.
And I'm level 3, right?
So that means, oh, I could inflict moderate wounds.
Am I right about that?
If it's on your spell sheet.
Right, oh, OK.
I see.
Yeah, I could, I mean, I'm not going
to summon a monster in this place.
I don't want a reputation.
But yeah, I mean, do I have to touch somebody to inflict wounds?
Yeah.
All right, so I'm going to, and what's your?
When he comes out, I'm going to dazzle him with a Flare.
OK.
So he's going to be bewildered, and you got to drop on him.
But how do we, you know, the best thing would be,
if we were pros, we'd fucking do that and then restrain him.
You know, like, do we have an ability to, like, instead
of killing him, like, just getting him, you know,
and just hauling him into the church and being like,
I have chains.
Oh, wait, wait, wait a minute.
What am I talking about?
We're on the quest to Patchen's gem.
We can't haul him into the church.
We could haul him into the theater.
We're going to haul him into an alien.
I mean, I don't even know what we're doing.
We're over our head.
I don't even know.
It's three minutes after 10, so we've got to get going.
Well, no, I feel good.
Let's keep going.
What?
You're outside the, no.
I mean, but this is serious stuff.
Like, I mean, I'm OK landing here.
It'll give me time to think.
But for real, I didn't know we were
going to be this successful.
We haven't done it.
Don't get cocky, because we all know there's a guy.
The guy that killed, tried to took Patchen's gem
or at least knows who did is in that bathroom, for sure.
I mean, he'd fucking, like, we are just definitive,
unless Mulris is a naked liar that
does crazy labyrinthine tricks on people.
The guy that's pooping in there is our man.
This is our, I've been locked up in the, you know,
like, I can prove myself here.
OK.
So time has passed.
This guy's taking the longest shit
in the history of the leaky green.
I think time's dilating.
Should we push through or should we just fucking pinch it?
I think it's funny to leave it as a cliffhanger.
But, you know, whatever you want.
We'll be back next week.
Yeah.
It's just funny the idea that you got someone in a bathroom.
But we're, as it stands, we're very excited
that we got a guy pooping that we're pretty sure knows,
like, we're on the right track here.
Well, last time we kind of thought we knew what we were doing,
we ended up burning a family's house down
and kind of destroying a town.
I would love it if we could, like, nail this, you know,
doorknester mission.
I feel like we got the energy to do it right now.
Well, cool Dennis is like, you guys
look like you're gearing up to start a bunch of shit in my bar,
man.
Cool Dennis, if you want to keep your name fucking piped.
Do we hear a flush?
Whoa.
Sorry, cool Dennis.
I didn't really mean it that way.
What are you?
Let's unpack this.
What is that?
I don't want to unpack anything.
No, I'm saying we're table talk.
We're saying we should wrap it up because it's 10
and then we'll do it next week.
OK, I mean, give us, like, do we hear a flush?
Are we like, like, like, like, we're just still
just waiting outside.
What are the noises that we hear?
You hear, like, really ominous music.
And then, yeah, you hear a flush.
Cliffhanger, pooping, flushing.
Thank you so much, everybody.
Let's hear it for Steve Levy.
Church.
Yeah.
Spencer Crittenden and the Game Master, everybody.
Give it up for Noah and Sarah and Chris and Zach and everybody
here with a wonderful.
Yeah, Nolan.
Yeah, Nolan, I mean.
We love you all.
Let's give it up for your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo.
Yeah.
Zach, you got beats.
You end your show with a guy taking poops.
2018, 2018, going to be different, 201, and then
two zeros on top of each other, hard to make new years, glasses
out of those, numbers need a one on the bridge of your nose.
2018, wolf created by a team, know what all my brothers mean,
2018, waffles on toast.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.